Climbing App 


1. Main Activity - home page:

This activity will be a home page for the app. The activity will have a Relative Layout with a horizontal Linear Layout at the top containing 4 buttons. These buttons will be on every activity screen. The 4 buttons will perform the following actions:

	Home Button - brings the user back to the main activity. 
	User Info - brings the user to the User Information activity detail page.
	Wall Info - brings the user to the Wall Activity detail page.
	Projects - brings the user to the Projects and Progress Activity Page.

This page’s only actions will be those 4 buttons. There will be an image of the Circuit and contact information along the bottom.

 
2. User Information Activity:

This page will allow the user to input personal information the first time they use the app. This information will be stored in a database that I will create. The information requested from the user will be:
	
	Name
	Height
	Gender
	Climb Preferences
	Hold Type (Jug, pinch, edge, crimp, sloper, pocket)
	Wall Type (overhung/flat/short/top out)
	Skill level

After this information has been supplied, the information will populate for the user when they visit this page again. 

There will be a Climb Recommendations Fragment that lives on this page and is created once the information has been populated.

The fragment will contain a list of the climbs that are within +/-1 of their skill level and meet their preferences. 


3. Wall Information Activity:

This activity will be set up as a grid with images of each of the walls. When an image is selected - the wall detail page will be launched. 

The detail page will contain a list of the climbs that are on the specified wall. Each climb row will contain the climb rating, climb type and two checkboxes:

	project?
	completed?

Each row will also contain a button to open up a fragment of user ratings and comments for each climb.

4. Project Activity:

This activity will contain two fragments.
A project fragment containing the list of the climbs marked as projects on the wall info detail page
A history fragment containing the list of climbs that have been marked completed.



The database will contain:

Gym
	Wall
		tags
		wall id #
		date last updated
		Climb
			tags
			climb id #
			rating (gym)
			rating (user)
			comments
			project status
			completed status

User
	name
	height
	gender
	wall preference
	climb preference
	skill level


